Q-1. How would you store a message upon a creation of a smart contract?
What is the fastest approach?
What is the most cost-efficient approach?
Should we be able to update previously stored text or not?
How would this choice affect the code?

Q-2. Smart contracts cannot access off-chain data (our API) directly.
What is a typical solution for this?
This is a very simple task, and you can implement a solution by yourself but what risks would it pose for the larger project?
How would you develop production-ready code that needs to access off-chain data?

Q-4. Please show that your solution works and solves the task. How do you usually test your programs and smart contract solutions?
What kind of tests do you usually write along with your solution? What tests would you suggest to make sure that this smart contract
is ready to use?

Q-5. What are the potential security risks of your solution and how to minimize them?

Q-6. How would you make this solution profitable?

A-1. I would store it as you can see I have done it in "Database.sol".

Usually, the Fastest and Safest approach for Solidity Smart Contacts Development is to use
Trustable and Community Developed, Approved and Tested Libraries or Templates(Like OpenZeppelin or Open Source
Code of other De.Fi. Companies like SushiSwap, etc) to Save Time and to avoid re-inventing the wheel.

The most cost-efficient approach would be to Deploy the S.C.s in the Polygon MainNet due to its Low Gas Costs
and, ideally, to delegate all the Data Storage(Emails, Passwords, etc) to a Traditional Web Back-End like Node.js/Express.js
and to handle in the Smart Contracts as less information Processing(Ex:_ Calculus) and Storage as possible since Writing
on the Blockchain Costs Money.

A-2. The Typical Solution for this is using an Oracles Service like ChainLink, and I would use it in a Production-Ready code too.
In order to determine the potential risks that would it pose for a larger project, I would need to know the Features of that
hypothetical larger project.

A-4. In a Real Life Project, I would take all the Days of work necessary to write Carefully all the Unit Tests required for Covering
every Function of the Smart Contract with this particular Complexity Added of Interacting with 1 ERC-20 Token, 1 External Smart Contract
and Kovan TestNet Ethereum which are currently Deployed on a Live TestNet.
As I said, Testing all that would take me more than 1 Day of work, and I do not think that it is worth spending all that time on what is
just a Test. If you want to see how I handle Testing with Real Life Projects, we can engage in a Call and I can show you a set of Large
and Complex Unit Tests that I have Developed for the Open Art Market Project (I cannot send you the code Directly because it is Protected under
N.D.A.).
Alternatively, you can ask an Experienced Solidity Developer to Review the Code of "Database.sol" for you and to tell you about its quality.

A-5. The only potential security risk of my solution would be an ReEntrancy Attack to the Public Payable Function "sendMessage",
and I Minimized it by Implementing the OpenZeppelin Library ReentrancyGuard and by Doing the Transfer of MATIC (Money) First and
Updating the S.C. Data later inside the Function.

A-6. I made it Profitable by Charging a Modifiable Fee to the Sending of Each Message, and the Fee goes to the S.C. Owner
(the one who Deployed it).